FBS Delivery Director.|Our Client is one of the United States' largest insurers, providing a wide range of insurance and financial services products with gross written premiums well over US$25 Billion (P&C). They proudly serve more than 10 million U.S. households with more than 19 million individual policies across all 50 states through the efforts of over 48,000 exclusive and independent agents and nearly 18,500 employees. Finally, our Client is part of one the largest Insurance Groups in the world.

Job Summary

Responsible for all Program/Project management and delivery, Solution Architecture and standards in compliance with IT Governance, and IT budget for a collection of business units. Contributes to improvement/optimization of the IT governance processes and ensures the alignment of the Strategic Information Systems Plan with business priorities and executes plans. Responsible for local ASP, ISP, Data, Operations and Security retained staff including maintaining necessary knowledge capital. Influences stakeholders throughout the organization, utilizes in-depth experience in business change initiatives having a significant technology component, and translates business needs into attainable plans. Utilizes knowledge of the organization's complexities, processes, information, and technologies to build delivery frameworks to accomplish the organization's strategy.

Contributes to establish the IT strategy, translates strategic intent into actions and executes strategic plans resulting in business and technology change. Develops project concepts, creates plans and oversees implementation of business solutions of moderate to high complexity Governance. Ensures the alignment of the Strategic Information Systems Plan with business priorities and improves organizational governance by optimizing processes. May be responsible for leading other Account Executives in level I and/or II. Uses high emotional intelligence to manage conflict, show empathy and be self-aware. Utilizes big picture thinking ability to see how business and translate into business results. May perform other responsibilities at the discretion of the executive. Consistently identifies and pursues business and efficiency opportunities. Identifies new business and efficiency potentials as trend scout of future customer needs. May handle customer challenges of internal and external business partners, including escalations, and identifies trends to determine potential future customer needs.

Requirements

PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR RESUME IN ENGLISH

Bachelor's degree in information technology, Computer Science, Business Administration, or a related field (master's degree preferred)English Proficient +10 years of experience in IT program/project management, solution architecture, or a similar leadership roleExperience managing IT budgets and financial modeling for technology investmentsProven track record of delivering complex business and technology projects/programsExperience with IT governance frameworks and aligning IT strategy with business goalsExperience managing or working with ASP (Application Service Providers), ISP (Internet Service Providers), data, operations, and security teamsExperience working with outsourcing partners and vendor managementLeading large-scale IT programs/projects with moderate to high complexityDeveloping and executing IT strategies aligned with business prioritiesManaging multiple cost centers or large budgetsWorking in environments with multiple business units and complex organizational structuresHandling escalations and resolving challenges with internal and external partnersIdentifying and implementing business and efficiency opportunitiesTraining, mentoring, or leading other IT professionals or account executivesSkills Project & Program Management: Strong skills in planning, executing, and overseeing multiple projects/programs simultaneously Insurance Background required Solution Architecture: Ability to design and oversee implementation of business and technology solutions IT Governance: Deep understanding of IT governance, compliance, and process optimization Strategic Thinking: Ability to translate business strategy into actionable IT plans Stakeholder Management: Excellent communication and influencing skills with senior executives and business partners Financial Acumen: Skills in budgeting, cost center management, and financial modeling for IT investments Change Management: Experience leading business change initiatives with significant technology components Leadership: Ability to lead, mentor, and develop teams, including cross-functional and retained staff Vendor Management: Experience managing relationships and performance of outsourcing partners Problem-Solving: Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Emotional Intelligence: High self-awareness, empathy, and conflict management abilities Big Picture Thinking: Ability to see organizational complexities and align IT with business results

Benefits

This position comes with competitive compensation and benefits package:

Competitive salary and performance-based bonusesComprehensive benefits packageCareer development and training opportunitiesFlexible work arrangements (remote and/or office-based)Dynamic and inclusive work culture within a globally renowned groupPrivate Health InsurancePension PlanPaid Time OffTraining & Development

About Capgemini

Capgemini is a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of over 340,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group €22.5 billion in revenues in 2023.
FBS Director of Business Transformation.|Our Client is one of the United States' largest insurers, providing a wide range of insurance and financial services products with gross written premium well over US$25 Billion (P&C). They proudly serve more than 10 million U.S. households with more than 19 million individual policies across all 50 states through the efforts of over 48,000 exclusive and independent agents and nearly 18,500 employees. Finally, our Client is part of one the largest Insurance Groups in the world.
This role will function as a Business Transformation Director. The ideal candidate will have the experience and skills outlined below:
Responsibilities:
Builds and maintains collaborative relationships with key project stakeholders.
Acts as liaison between business and IT.
Collaborates with all stakeholders, including risk, compliance, HR, claims, operations, and other lines of business to promote value streams and break down silos to ensure the right business outcomes.
Anticipates organizational needs and partners with business leaders to develop solutions.
Challenges leaders across business units in their assumptions about processes and scope to secure desired outcome.
Performs impact analysis of application changes across various components, holding an end-to-end view of the system.
Understands customers' objectives, processes, and products in order to make educated recommendations.
Leads users in building a business case including cost, benefit analysis, risk assessment, and development of a high-level plan.
Communicates to project stakeholders how functional design may impact downstream data sources as well as change management efforts.
Oversees and leads business requirement gathering and analysis through business modeling.
Leads the strategic narrative of the initiative and scope throughout the lifetime of the project.
Coordinate across business leaders to create executive presentations to secure steer, approval, and awareness.
Accelerates cross-functional approach on gathering detailed business requirements by leading workshops with stakeholders and project managers.
Identifies interconnectivity between projects and their inputs and manages the stakeholders to optimize outputs.
Performs quality review checks on project deliverables.
Leads the business requirements and the Strategy Execution Team (SET) best practices syndication across the organization
Requirements
Bachelor's degree preferred.
Insurance experience required, including Claims operations and Project Management experience.
Extensive exposure to the Claims systems, processes and procedures
Project Management Professional (PMP) preferred.
SAFE/Agile Certification preferred
Benefits
This position comes with competitive compensation and benefits package:
Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses
Comprehensive benefits package
Career development and training opportunities
Flexible work arrangements (remote and/or office-based)
Dynamic and inclusive work culture within a globally reknowned group
Private Health Insurance
Pension Plan
Paid Time Off
Training & Development
About Capgemini
Capgemini is a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided everyday by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of over 340,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group €22.5 billion in revenues in 2023.
https://www.capgemini.com/us-en/about-us/who-we-are/
Show more
Show less
Java Full Stack|Choosing Capgemini means choosing a company where you will be empowered to shape your career in the way you’d like, where you’ll be supported and inspired by a collaborative community of colleagues around the world, and where you’ll be able to reimagine what’s possible. Join us and help the world’s leading organizations unlock the value of technology and build a more sustainable, more inclusive world.

Job Description

Position Fullstack developer Java Springboot AngularOur support of critical business functions extends to archival records management business continuity planning and due diligence investigations

Role Profile

UI Development Angular
will be a technically proficient and enthusiastic developer with a desire to work on backend application development
You will support and lead different phases of the product lifecycle including analysis development and testing
You will develop new components in Java and maintainenhance existing components in JavaAngularPython
Previous commercially proven experience in Java is required with a strong desire to develop your skills more widely Additionally there is an opportunity to work with front end web apps
You will be expected to promote best practices in terms of TDD development tools and technologies
The role will involve constant interaction with front office business users analyzing and gathering requirements
Develop and maintain technical documentation including architecture diagrams and design documents
Participate in code reviews ensuring highquality code and adherence to coding standards
Troubleshoot and debug issues identifying root causes and implementing fixes
Stay up to date with industry trends best practices and emerging technologies
Mentor junior developers providing guidance and knowledge sharing

Skills Required Essential

UI Development Angular
At least 5 years of handson Single Page App development
Design and develop responsive interactive and userfriendly UI components using Angular HTML CSS and TypeScript
Implement UIUX designs and wireframes into functional and visually appealing interfaces
Optimize UI performance ensuring fast page loads and smooth user interactions
Collaborate with designers to ensure design consistency and implement design systems
Develop and maintain reusable UI components and libraries
Backend Development Java
At least 7 years of handson Single Page App development
Design develop and maintain scalable secure and efficient backend services using Java including RESTful APIs and microservices
Implement database schema design data modeling and data migration strategies using relational databases eg MySQL and NoSQL databases eg MongoDB
Develop and maintain backend services using Javabased frameworks such as Spring Boot or Hibernate
Ensure backend services are highly available scalable and fault tolerant
Skills Nice to Have Desired
Experience with Python programming language and frameworks such as Django or Flask
Familiarity with containerization eg Docker and Kubernetes OpenShift is a plus
Experience with DevOps practices including continuous integration and continuous deployment CICD
Observability stack Prometheus Loki Jaeger Grafana
A strong understanding of AgileScrum and ability to deliver solutions under this methodology
Experience in the development of serviceoriented architecture application good understanding of ObjectOriented Design and Design Patterns
Must be comfortable in working in Unix environment and have experience with web servers such as Apache and Tomcat
Knowledge of Sonar Cypress Fortify Snyk and other standard code coveragetesting tools
Knowledge of automation testing using tools such as PyTest Junit Postman Automation PyUnit Selenium Mockito

Works in the area of Software Engineering, which encompasses the development, maintenance and optimization of software solutions/applications.1. Applies scientific methods to analyse and solve software engineering problems.2. He/she is responsible for the development and application of software engineering practice and knowledge, in research, design, development and maintenance.3. His/her work requires the exercise of original thought and judgement and the ability to supervise the technical and administrative work of other software engineers.4. The software engineer builds skills and expertise of his/her software engineering discipline to reach standard software engineer skills expectations for the applicable role, as defined in Professional Communities.5. The software engineer collaborates and acts as team player with other software engineers and stakeholders.

The base compensation range for this role in the posted location is: 90,000 - 95,000

Capgemini provides compensation range information in accordance with applicable national, state, provincial, and local pay transparency laws. The base compensation range listed for this position reflects the minimum and maximum target compensation Capgemini, in good faith, believes it may pay for the role at the time of this posting. This range may be subject to change as permitted by law.

The actual compensation offered to any candidate may fall outside of the posted range and will be determined based on multiple factors legally permitted in the applicable jurisdiction.

These may include, but are not limited to: Geographic location, Education and qualifications, Certifications and licenses, Relevant experience and skills, Seniority and performance, Market and business consideration, Internal pay equity.

It is not typical for candidates to be hired at or near the top of the posted compensation range.

In addition to base salary, this role may be eligible for additional compensation such as variable incentives, bonuses, or commissions, depending on the position and applicable laws.

Capgemini offers a comprehensive, non-negotiable benefits package to all regular, full-time employees. In the U.S. and Canada, available benefits are determined by local policy and eligibility and may include:

Paid time off based on employee grade (A-F), defined by policy: Vacation: 12-25 days, depending on grade, Company paid holidays, Personal Days, Sick Leave
Medical, dental, and vision coverage (or provincial healthcare coordination in Canada)
Retirement savings plans (e.g., 401(k) in the U.S., RRSP in Canada)
Life and disability insurance
Employee assistance programs
Other benefits as provided by local policy and eligibility

Important Notice: Compensation (including bonuses, commissions, or other forms of incentive pay) is not considered earned, vested, or payable until it becomes due under the terms of applicable plans or agreements and is subject to Capgemini’s discretion, consistent with applicable laws. The Company reserves the right to amend or withdraw compensation programs at any time, within the limits of applicable legislation.

Disclaimers

Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging inclusion in the workplace. Capgemini also participates in the Partnership Accreditation in Indigenous Relations (PAIR) program which supports meaningful engagement with Indigenous communities across Canada by promoting fairness, accessibility, inclusion and respect. We value the rich cultural heritage and contributions of Indigenous Peoples and actively work to create a welcoming and respectful environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodation does not pose an undue hardship. Capgemini is committed to providing reasonable accommodation during our recruitment process. If you need assistance or accommodation, please reach out to your recruiting contact.

Please be aware that Capgemini may capture your image (video or screenshot) during the interview process and that image may be used for verification, including during the hiring and onboarding process.

Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant in the United States. http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law

Capgemini is a global business and technology transformation partner, helping organizations to accelerate their dual transition to a digital and sustainable world, while creating tangible impact for enterprises and society. It is a responsible and diverse group of 340,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong over 55-year heritage, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to unlock the value of technology to address the entire breadth of their business needs. It delivers end-to-end services and solutions leveraging strengths from strategy and design to engineering, all fueled by its market leading capabilities in AI, generative AI, cloud and data, combined with its deep industry expertise and partner ecosystem. 
Show more Show less
FBS - Finance Mgr II-Bus Ops Fin (Consultant)|Our Client is one of the United States' largest insurers, providing a wide range of insurance and financial services products with gross written premiums well over US$25 Billion (P&amp;C). They proudly serve more than 10 million U.S. households with more than 19 million individual policies across all 50 states through the efforts of over 48,000 exclusive and independent agents and nearly 18,500 employees. Finally, our Client is part of one the largest Insurance Groups in the world.<br><br><strong>Job Summary<br><br></strong>Provides business unit (Personal Lines, Claims, Commercial Lines) finance support by partnering with the business unit in developing and executing on business strategies and tactical operations to achieve overall company goals.<br><br><strong>Essential Job Functions<br><br></strong>Provide business insight to the current financial situation of the business through analysis of key financial indicators on a regular basis. Works closely with the business unit to determine the risks and opportunities of the current financial climate and how best to mitigate risks and capitalize on opportunities. Identify financial opportunities and partner with business partner to develop, plan and execute on the opportunity with metrics and deliverables. Conduct competitor intelligence. Present complex ideas and concepts to business leaders and executives. Implement policies and procedures. Promotes safety at all times and complies with safety/ergonomic standards as outlined in relevant company published manuals.<br><br><strong>Requirements<br><br></strong><strong>Experience Requirements<br><br></strong>External candidates should have a minimum of 6 years of prior Accounting or Finance experience including 1 year as an Accounting or Finance Supervisor and 1 year as an Accounting Manager or Supervisor. The same time-on-job requirement is preferred for internal candidates.<br><br><strong>Education Requirements<br><br></strong>Bachelor's degree required in Accounting, Finance or related field. CPA, CMA, MBA, Masters or similar preferred.<br><br><strong>English Proficiency<br><br></strong>Minimum Required: Fluent<br><br><strong>Software / Tool Skills<br><br></strong>Excel - Intermediate<br><br>SQL/Snowflake - Intermediate<br><br>PowerPoint - Intermediate<br><br><strong>Benefits<br><br></strong>This position comes with competitive compensation and benefits package:<br><br><ul><li>Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses</li><li>Comprehensive benefits package</li><li>Career development and training opportunities</li><li>Dynamic and inclusive work culture within a globally renowned group</li><li>Private Health and Dental Insurance</li><li>Pension Plan</li><li>Meals tickets</li><li>Life Insurance</li></ul>
FBS Business Project Manager (Insurance Experience)|Our Client is one of the United States' largest insurers, providing a wide range of insurance and financial services products with gross written premium well over US$25 Billion (P&C). They proudly serve more than 10 million U.S. households with more than 19 million individual policies across all 50 states through the efforts of over 48,000 exclusive and independent agents and nearly 18,500 employees. Finally, our Client is part of one the largest Insurance Groups in the world.

Job Summary

Project Manager II is responsible for managing the overall execution of new, fast-paced, diverse, critical, strategic projects from initiation through post-implementation, primarily focusing on quality, cost, and schedule. These projects involve significant return and risk to the company, have approved budgets (IT and/or business), include multiple functions/departments, involve major IT efforts, impact agents and customers (directly or indirectly), and contain complex business, legal or regulatory issues. They can also involve multiple phases or work streams within the project. Position involves managing direct staff as assigned. May have Project Managers reporting up within a matrix reporting structure, as part of a project team. This position requires interaction with executives and other personnel throughout the organization, an understanding of business and strategy across the enterprise, and a focus on strong leadership, critical thinking, facilitating issue resolution and timely decision making.

Essential Job Functions

Manage successful execution of large-scale, multi-functional projects to support strategic initiatives across enterprise, in partnership with business leadership. Establish and manage a project team (including its reporting/organizational structure) and define roles and responsibilities of the team members. Integrate all team members and multi-functional departments, to ensure collaboration and alignment, with occasional guidance from leadership and peers. Develop comprehensive project, communication, and change management plans. Effectively manage the project scope, schedule, and budget. Effectively manage or mitigate project issues and risk. Identify key project metrics and establish process to measure/report results. Supervise, support, train, coach, develop, and evaluate staff as assigned

Requirements

High school diploma or equivalent required. Bachelor's degree preferred 5 to 10 years' experience as a Project Manager or Portfolio managerFluent EnglishExperience in the insurance industryExperience in insurance Products or Projects that include insurance implementations with business is highly desirablePMP certification preferred

Other Critical Skills

 Communication Project Management Time Management Organization Collaboration Critical Thinking

Software / Tool Skills

 Office Suite MS Project Excel

Benefits

Competitive salary and performance-based bonusesComprehensive benefits packageCareer development and training opportunitiesFlexible work arrangements (remote and/or office-based)Dynamic and inclusive work culture within a globally renowned groupPrivate Health InsurancePension PlanPaid Time OffTraining & Development

Note: Benefits differ based on employee level.
